Outsmarting Feat doc of Yuuichi canon and (theory) Yuuichi. 

[PART 1]

Made by:- Samuel Alistair 

Even tho this doc contains detailed explanation of each arc along with the game rules I request everyone reading this to please read Tomodachi game manga online up to all bet or preferably the entire manga to both avoid any spoilers and also understand the feats better. 


This doc will contain all of Yuuichi's cannon feats as  well as many overlooked offscreen feats which are not directly explained in the manga but instead hinted at by lots of evidence. You can count just the confirmed feats and use Theory Yuuichi as a completely different variant (like Movies Light,Checkmate Ayanokoji, CTW L etc) if you want or  just integrate it in your normal scaling of Yuuichi if you think the theoretical offscreen feats most likely did happen (always make sure to write  theory Yuuichi when using that version tho). All of the theoretical feats have at least 40 to 50% chances of being true.

You can use between 3 versions of Yuuichi which all very a lot in scaling: 

Onscreen feats Yuuichi: Typically used in the community which only includes onscreen or conformed feats and absolutely no off screen/unconfirmed feats no matter how likely.

Canon Yuuichi: Includes all the feats of onscreen feats Yuuichi + unconfirmed/offscreen feats that are extremely likely (90-99% chance of being true) but are not confirmed in the manga, these feats clear all misconceptions of him depending on “luck”. 

Theory Yuuichi: Same as Canon but also includes some feats that are less likely (50-80% chance of being true) like  speculations/theories. 

Clear distinction of feats will be made between these versions of Yuuichi. It's completely up to the reader of this doc which version of Yuuichi will they use to scale according to their respective scaling system and its rules. 

Canon>On screen (Mid-high difficulty)
Theory>=Canon (extreme difficulty)
Theory>Onscreen (mid-high difficulty) 

In my opinion, Canon Yuuichi is the best version to scale as it maintains a good balance by counting extremely likely on screen feats but doesn't drift too much towards not too likely speculations. With theory used like a special version of Yuuichi to compare him to higher level characters like Movies Light,CTW L, Katsumata theory Friend etc are more smarter versions often used to compare to smarter characters.

Different colored texts and and what they represent:- 

Orange:- Game rules. 
Dark red:- Manipulation,EI and SI
Red:- Deception.
Blue:- Thinking, reasoning,sensory  and FSIQ.
Purple:- AQ,ER and Adaptability.
Green: Foresight.
Dark yellow: Misconceptions and their counter arguments. 
Dark Pink: Strategy/planning evaluation. 

An extremely important thing to mention is that I actually just removed the concept of these versions of Yuuichi so no need to use those. 
For more information just click on this link below 👇
Important link
Feats explanation order:- 

Kokkuri san game (100%)
Backbiting Sugoroku (100%)
Friendship hide and seek game. (100%)
Kokorogi rescue. (100%)
Friend sin trial (100%)
Ch 42.5 (100%)
Friends Prison game (100%)
All bet game. (100%)
Misconceptions (100% hopefully)
TOTAL: 100% complete.


Most of the theoretical and offscreen feats are from the Friends prison game onwards. Note that the first 2 theories and cannon feats don't have too much evidence to back them up on their own because they mainly depend on the theory feats afterwards to really back them up.


Kokkuri san game: 

Game rules are as follows:- 

Important things to remember:- 

One of the friends had paid a 2 million fee to volunteer the group into the Tomodachi game and to create a 20 million yen  debt.  Each person was given a name tag with their total debt which was 4 million yen per person, if anyone shows their debt to others it immediately doubles. 

R1: In this game the five players answer a question, if the group unanimously agrees on an answer yes or no kokkuri san will move the coin towards the answer chosen.

R2: If one or two people answer differently Kokkuri will move the coin towards the minority. 

R3: There are five questions for each person. 

R4: No talking is allowed during the game except for the person reading the question. 

R5: Breaking the rules results in debt being doubled. 

R6: If all five answers are answered incorrectly,the person with the highest debts must take on the debts of all the other members. 

R7: Conversely if they answer just one question correctly, the group will erase 2 million yen of debt equivalent to 400,000 yen per person.  


The first questioner was Shibe. The question was very simple and common but the coin moved to the wrong answer, same happened with Shiho and Tenji and then it was Yuuichi's turn. The paper instructs Yuuichi to move the coin to yes to win the round OR move the coin to no to halve the questioner's debt.  Yuuichi chose yes here thinking that the game administrators are trying to test their friendship this way. But the coin only moved to yes and now Yuuichi had to do something to save Kokorogi from carrying all the debt herself. 

Suddenly Yuuichi speaks up ignoring the double penalty rule, he exposes how everyone had their debt halved and intended for Kokorogi Yutori to bear all the debt, Yuuichi confidently revealed that from now on those with the least debt will have to take on all of the debt threatening everyone including the traitor who is now unsure whether to believe him or not. This was not true but actually a bluff as stated in R6. This way Yuuichi was able to secure victory. Everyone says that their debt is 3.6 million but Yuuichi knew that  one or more of them were lying, he tried to check the papers to find clues, but the ink had evaporated by then as this was within the foresight of the game administrators. After the first game Shiho talks with Yuuichi privately asking him who he thinks is the traitor. Yuuichi uses this as a chance to question her, he first says that Shiho is the most likely because otherwise why did she try to cover for the thief? Shiho replies saying “because I thought you were the thief” Yuuichi replies “because you pity me for being poor and having no friends?” but Shiho did not cover for him because of this but rather because she liked him. She also confesses that her debt is actually 7.6 million yen because she almost blurted out the answer to the first question. (4+4-0.4=7.6 million, this is also the same for Yuuichi) This shows just a tiny fraction of his SI and EF being able to pressure her to that point. Yuuichi through perception thinks that she is not lying though he still doesn't completely trust her. 


Everyone's debt: 
 Yuuichi: (4+4-0.4)m = 7.6 million
Shiho (self proclaimed): Same as Yuuichi. 
Everyone else (self proclaimed): (4-0.4)m=3.6 million. 

2.Backbiting Sugoroku:- 

R1: Like  any typical board game, except in this game players can only win by confessing their secrets or revealing the secrets of their friends. 

R2: Each player is given an identical card and each turn they can write down their friend's secrets on the card and submit it to the organizers. 

R3: The more someone is slandered the faster they move and the more likely they are to reach the goal first, corresponding to the result of the survey: First place=5 steps, second place=4 steps,third place=3 steps,fourth place=2 steps, fifth place=1 step. (There are total 60 tiles)

R4: The winner will receive 2 million yen divided equally among the five players with each receiving 400,000 yen,the winner will continue to the third round  while the losers each receive an additional 1 million yen (1.4 million total) and the right to refuse to participate in the third round and go home. 

R5: Each round each person has three minutes in a private room arranged by the organizers to write and submit the slander card (they can even slander themselves if they want to),after receiving the card the organizers will announce the contents. 


R6: If you don't know any bad secrets about your friends you can make up stories, of course fabrications come at a price if the story id plausible and not caught you're fine but if it is discovered to be a lie the player will lose their turn and will be pushed to the first position just before the person closest to the goal. 

Yuuichi and his friends decided to submit blank cards and hold hands to move forward however each square they landed on had penalties, after moving just two squares they each lost 600,000 yen totalling 3 million yen for the five of them. 
An important part of the game's rules is that all penalties from each square will be accumulated for the first person to reach the goal, at this point the fear of the enormous debt begins to shake the group's trust. If they were perceptive and smart they would realize that the Sugoroku game has both penalties and rewards, the initial penalties were just to challenge their friendship but if they persevered they would reach the reward squares and the game would eventually end with zero debt, Yuuichi was also able to perceive and deduce this but he didn't try to pass the game this way because he knew the traitor would start submitting cards anyways. Worried clouded their judgment and betrayal came quickly. By the third round there was already a slander against Shiho revealing her past  relationship with Tenji and her secret crush on Yuuichi. Secrets continued to be exposed “Yuuichi didn't bathe for a week” “Shiho had plastic surgery” “Tenji lied about his age” “Yutori was a former prostitute” and “Shibe has killed someone in the past”these revelations eroded the trust among the friends

There are several loopholes and mini strategies which some work and some don't, Yuuichi had deduced extremely fast at the start of the game and we see him using all of those mini tactics as a combined strategy in this arc in order to figure out who is the traitor.   

Sugoroku game strategy:- 


Tactic 1: Yuuichi had established a trust relationship with Shiho but he didn't truly trust anyone, Yuuichi had used the Backbiting cards as instruction sheets , the next turn after Shiho's dating secret was exposed Yuuichi used the private room provided by the game to write a message to Shiho and his first order was to reveal a secret which only Shiho knew by using the Backbiting card submission box Yuuichi carefully set the card  submission  order to his advantage by letting her go after Yuuichi and mo one is going to suspect such tiny details from the start unless they are extremely analytical. Yuuichi asks for Shiho's nametag next game as the game allows for players to write as many slanders as they want Shiho can very well use this to her advantage if she is the traitor do Yuuichi had asked for Shiho's name tag as if someone sees the debt on the nametag it doubles, If Shiho did not give Yuuichi her name tag player's psychology would imply that if she didn't hand over the card she is the traitor, Once she handed it over she couldn't betray him even if she wanted to as she was now under his control Yuuichi could fully trust Shiho now ad she couldn't betray him now.  In the turn right after there were 3 slanders: 

1) Yuuichi didn't bathe for a week

2)Shibe bathe with his mother till high school

3)Shiho had plastic surgery. 

The 1st was the secret Yuuichi ordered Shiho to submit, the other two could be written by either Tenji, Yutori or Shibe. Yuuichi uses this same tactic to find the other traitors,  when Yutori's secret was revealed there was a good chance that she wasn't the traitor cause there is no need to go that far when you were literally just deceived the crew with the help of the administrators by being the target of the first game. This was a good opportunity for Yuuichi, he approached Yutori as he did with Shiho and asked her to write a slander that only she and Shiho knew and of course to submit her name tag as a token of trust, in this turn there were two slanders: 

1.Shiho often weared boys's shirts (this was written by Kokorogi) 

2.Tenji lied about his age.  


The focus now narrowed down to Shiho and Tenji.  

Tactic 2: Yuuichi used this tactic entirely as a form of deception to keep the traitor  away from figuring out his strategy, Yuuichi approached them saying that there is still a method for them to get on the same square, the method was quite simple the person in the lead would leave their card blank and the other's would write their own confessions this way the distance between them close and when they stood on the same square they would leave their cards blank and move to the goal together.  However the traitor didn't want that they created many slanders in order to create chaos and was determined to turn the game into a place to break friendships, the purpose of this was to let the purpose of this was to make the traitor think that they are in control when they break this flawed tactic. The traitor Literally slandered Yuuichi and was completely fooled by Yuuichi's tactic here.  

Yuuichi deduced that the traitor is Tenji as Shibe is not capable enough for this task,the dumbest in the group and didn't know how to act and Tenji is the one who slandered him and also through perception.  Shibe also volunteered to reveal his biggest secret because he believed he was innocent and this was true, what was revealed were the secrets of his dad not him.
After this Yuuichi also tested Shibe by asking for his name tag thus it was confirmed that the traitor was Tenji. Yuuichi submitted a false secret saying 'Shibe has killed someone in the past” and it was actually Yuuichi who had killed three people in the past. We will see the purpose of this in a moment. 

Tactic 3: Yuuichi manages to convince the group that there is still a way to find the traitor even if they can't reach the third round together, he told everyone to submit a slander saying they are the traitor of the group, the trick is that the administrators will be able to identify the liar as they would obviously know the traitor and push them to the third round except Yuuichi ordered everyone to submit blank cards except for the traitor and Yuuichi was able to completely deceive Tenji this way and expose him as the traitor he then exposed his lie and revealed his secret that he had killed 3 people in the past just so that he can participate in the next games and destroy this program for good. 
 


5/10 It's an ok strategy, there will be really good strategies ahead. 

Keep in mind that I will use the colors in a different way now, I am not gonna Directly color the text but instead use black color to explain all the feats in every arc and then separately use the colors to explain feats of all categories separately. 

3. Friendship hide and seek:-

The total debt of everyone (as the game administrators told them) was 10.8 million but everyone's total debt according to their statements was  18.8 million yen. 
 


That means someone is lying and we suspect they suspect that someone to be Shiho. Kokorogi and Yuuichi's debt (2.2 million and 4.1 million respectively) can be confirmed as they couldn't have lied in the first game,Tenji admitted that his debt was also halved due to first conditions (this is also confirmed to us as he shows his nameplate as prove) along with Shibe's 0.2 million yen. The remaining debt was Shiho's and if she hadn't been penalized via double debt for speaking in the first game the remaining 4 million yen can be accounted for and the total debt would match. 

Yuuichi: 4.1 m
Kokorogi: 2.2 m 
Shiho: 2.2 m 
Tenji: 2.1 m 
Shibe: 0.2 m 
Total: 10.8 million.  

Conclusion:Shiho is the one lying about her debt.   

We will come back to this later.
 
In the third round team C with 2 members Yuuichi and Tenji faces off against team K which has 5 members, the game takes place in a deep forest. 

Game rules: 

R1: Each team chooses one player to hide while the remaining player to hide while the remaining players become the seeker, the goal of the seekers is to find the hider of the opposing team. 

R2: There are two forbidden acts in the game which will be punished by the debt being doubled if violated, the first is using violence against members of the opposing team, second is the hider moving from their hiding spot. 

R3: Players of both teams are given a phone to communicate freely with friends or enemies. 

R4: There is only one place in the forest where food and drink supplies are available, players can eat or drink as much as they want at the start of the game however the hider must wait for his/her team members to bring food to them.

R5: Due to the harshness of the hider position they have the right to give up, they will be given a device with a button that when pressed ends the game with the victory of the opposing team. 

R6: Players can switch to the opposing team if they feel like they have no chance of winning, if the team they switched to wins their debt will become 0 yen (basically erased) and will be divided equally among the rest of the members of the team they switched from, if the team they switched to ends up losing they retain their debt. 

Yuuichi was given a option to add a female player to their team to have a better chance of winning via having more seekers than before and he got one member Maria added to their team, Yuuichi here formulated a high risk high return strategy/plan (it's like X arc in cote a bunch of plans part of a big strategy and thus can count as both strategy and planning) revolving around using Maria. On team K the hider is their team captain and in team C Tenji is chosen as the hider 

Hide and seek strategy/plan: 

Step 1: For the first 3 days Yuuichi observed the personalities and relationships within team K, he instructed Maria to cooperate fully  with him starting with sitting still and doing nothing for the first two days neither searching for the opposing team's hider nor bringing food to their own hider,team K's strategy was to closely monitor team Yuuichi knowing that at some point Yuuichi will have to bring food to Tenji they would then follow them and discover Tenji's hiding spot. If no food was brought Tenji would eventually press the give up button, team K had 4 members who could take turns watching and bringing food to their hider making it a nearly flawless strategy. On the third day Yuuichi declared his intentions to betray shocking team K, confused about how to handle the situation, Kei decided to take the advice of their captain and the team agreed despite Yuuichi's sarcastic remarks, Kei didn't talk in front of his team members but instead went somewhere else to talk and this made Yuuichi was already extremely suspicious that the hider was actually the captain cause why would he leave the games in the hands of such idiots? He induced that the team leader might actually be someone else and not the the hider, that's why Yuuichi did this in order to test that induction if they call the leader in front of him or easily make the decision themselves that means his induction was wrong but here it was confirmed that he was indeed correct and the real Leader was Kei,this was extremely important for his later tactics. Kei came back saying that the captain rejects the offer unless Maria also betrays not allowing for any cheap tricks, Yuuichi rejects the condition.

Step 2: Early on the fourth day Kei along with another guy went to give food to the leader while the fool tarou and a handsome guy stayed behind, through conversation Yuuichi learned that the fool Tarou was the person Yuuichi needed to find hot tempered but deeply valuing in justice, loyalty and not yielding to evil. Seeing Yuuichi extract information from Tarou the handsome guy requested to switch places so Tarou could watch over Maria, despite feeling embarrassed from the sight of Maria the young man crawled back to report to the handsome guy, seeing both of them distracted Yuuichi shouted “found it Maria” and they both ran along the mountain path, suddenl
